I thought you were really here to eat,
Now it seems that you are here to seize even the group's 10 billion contract, right?
I'm trying to figure out if Wujia can win the 10-billion-dollar contract with Shengshi Computer Devices.
It is indeed because you are the one who can save lives easily,
But now that the contract has been won, you can force it again.
Isn’t it a bit stately?
Although we only came here to eat, I still want to feel the whole thing,
What does the contract mean?
Could it be that Shengshi Machinery can still break the contract?
Shengshi Machinery can still break the contract, but Shengshi Machinery certainly cannot.
This is where he so-called heard
I originally thought you really came here to eat.
I didn’t expect to come here and ride on the promotional runway.
That being the case
You didn't go to work and I was here
Li Lixing, what do you think?
Is there any entertainment we can't finish?
It's not that you can't stop without some entertainment
It's time for your security system to be angry.
Making it difficult for two people who are not eligible to eat
Rated as the best hotel in Jiangdong
If you are talented enough to protect your hometown, even those who are not wealthy cannot enter.
Just let these two go through the difficulty system
become a business
Not eligible for dining
Please wait a moment in your background color
I'll make a call right away
Can you guys please tell me, am I here in Yuding? Of course
This is the emperor who helped me to select all of them.
When are you still blowing this?
The emperor is so helpful
You don’t want to think about it either
Do you have the necessary qualifications?
If there is no remaining balance
It’s not a black cut
Everyone is not considerate
You two please call